business/business-plan.md, before:

# **Business Plan**

## **Business Model**

- Customer Segments
    - Large or Niche: Do you offer a broad single item/service (i.e. Playstation) or a custom product/service (i.e. consulting)?

- Channels: 5 Phases
    - Awareness: How can you bring awareness to your product?
    - Evaluation: What kinds of evaluation are your offering your customers?
    - Purchase: How can someone buy your product or service?
    - Delivery: How do you deliver your product or service?
    - Post Purchase: Once you deliver, what kinds of service you offer after delivery?

- Revenue Systems

- Value Propositions
    - What value do we deliver to our customer segments?
    - What problem are we helping solve?
    - What customer needs or wants are we satisfying?

- Customer Relationships
    - Customer Acquisition: What are you marketing strategies?
    - Customer Retention: How will you keep customers (i.e. keep them happpy, personal assitance, forums)?
    - Upselling: Offer additional products/services to existing customers.

- Key Resources
    - Assets/Materials
    - Things that allow you to reach target markets, maintain customer relations
    - Establish key partners and customers
    - Earn more revenue
    - What resources are needed at every step?

- Key Activities

- Key Partners

- Cost Structure

## **Extra**

- [Business Model Generation](https://strategyzer.com/books/business-model-generation)

Commit message:

Added notes for key partners and activities.

business/business-plan.md, after:

# **Business Plan**

## **Business Model**

- Customer Segments
    - Large or Niche: Do you offer a broad single item/service (i.e. Playstation) or a custom product/service (i.e. consulting)?

- Channels: 5 Phases
    - Awareness: How can you bring awareness to your product?
    - Evaluation: What kinds of evaluation are your offering your customers?
    - Purchase: How can someone buy your product or service?
    - Delivery: How do you deliver your product or service?
    - Post Purchase: Once you deliver, what kinds of service you offer after delivery?

- Revenue Systems

- Value Propositions
    - What value do we deliver to our customer segments?
    - What problem are we helping solve?
    - What customer needs or wants are we satisfying?

- Customer Relationships
    - Customer Acquisition: What are you marketing strategies?
    - Customer Retention: How will you keep customers (i.e. keep them happpy, personal assitance, forums)?
    - Upselling: Offer additional products/services to existing customers.

- Key Resources
    - Assets/Materials
    - Things that allow you to reach target markets, maintain customer relations
    - Establish key partners and customers
    - Earn more revenue
    - What resources are needed at every step?

- Key Activities
    - Important activities we must undertake as a business to ensure sucess.
        - Production: Manufacturing Companies
        - Problem Solving: Consultancies and Hospitals
        - Platform: Software Companies

- Key Partners
    - Network of suppliers and partners that make your business model a reality.
    - Are there any key suppliers that our business model depends on?
    - What key resources are acquired from a partner?
    - What key activities are undertaken by a partner?

- Cost Structure

## **Extra**

- [Business Model Generation](https://strategyzer.com/books/business-model-generation)
