README.md, before:

# **TEAM TREEHOUSE**

## **JUNE 2018**

###### [Full Stack JavaScript (50 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/full-stack-javascript)

~~Introducing Javascript~~

~~Javascript Basics~~

~~Javascript Loops, Arrays, and Objects~~

~~Defining Variables with let and const~~

~~Introducing Arrow Function Syntax~~

~~Javascript and the DOM (Solution: Using nextElementSibling)~~

~~jQuery Basics~~

~~AJAX Basics~~

~~Understanding “this” in Javascript~~

~~Object-Oriented Javascript (2015)~~

~~Object-Oriented Javascript (2018)~~

~~The Module Pattern in Javascript~~

~~Introducing ES2015~~

- Node.js Basics (2 hours) (Section 2 of 4 complete. Begin "Handling Errors in Node".)

- Exploring Javascript Conditionals (25 minutes)

- Build a Simple Dynamic Site with Node.js (2 hours)

- Npm Basics (76 minutes)

- Using Npm as a Task Runner (14 minutes)

- Gulp Basics (2 hours)

- Express Basics (4 hours)

- Mongo Basics (87 minutes)

- Understanding Closures in Javascript (22 minutes)

- User Authentication with Express and Mongo (2 hours)

- Build a REST API with Express (3 hours)

- Javascript Unit Testing (3 hours)


## **AUGUST 2018**

###### [Angular Basics (3 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/angular-basics-2)

- Setting Up an Angular Application

- Angular Components

- Services in Angular

- Angular Basic Forms

- Angular Form Validation

###### [ReactJS (9 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/learn-react)

- React Basics (3 hours)

- Using Create React App (22 minutes)

- React by Example (113 minutes)

- React Router 4 Basics (76 minutes)

- Building Applications with React and Redux (2 hours)

- Data Fetching in React (29 minutes)

- Animations in React (16 minutes)

- What’s New in React 16 (26 minutes)


## **SEPTEMBER 2018**

###### [Learn Java (19 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/learn-java)

- Java Basics

- Java Objects (4 hours)

- Java Arrays (93 minutes)

- The Thing About Stings (10 minutes)

- Java Data Structures (5 hours)

- Regular Expressions in Java (28 minutes)

- Java Lambdas (16 minutes)

- Build a JavaFX Application (3 hours)

## **OCTOBER 2018**

###### [Java Web Development (37 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/java-web-development)

- Unit Testing in Java (2 hours)

- Dependency Management with Gradle (30 minutes)

- Introduction to HTML and CSS (2 hours)

- HTTP Basics (67 minutes)

- Java Lambdas (16 minutes)

- Intro to Java Web Development with Spark (2 hours)

- Java Annotations (118 minutes)

- Spring Basics (3 hours)

- SQL Basics (2 hours)

- Modifying Data with SQL (80 minutes)

- Hibernate Basics (2 hours)

- Spring with Hibernate (3 hours)

- Debugging and Existing Java Application (79 minutes)

- User Authentication in Spring (84 minutes)

- Unit Testing a Spring Application (93 minutes)

- Introduction to Functional Programming (4 hours)

- REST API Basics (19 minutes)

- Build a REST API in Spark (115 minutes)

- Build a REST API in Spring (119 minutes)


## **NOVEMBER 2018**

###### [Beginner C# (17 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/beginning-c)

- C# Basics (3 hours)

- C# Objects (5 hours)

- Intermediate C# (2 hours)

- C# Streams and Data Processing (4 hours)

- C#f Collections (2 hours)

###### [Intermediate C# (10 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/intermediate-c-2)

- Querying With LINQ (4 hours)

- Introduction to Visual Studio (42 minutes)

- Using GitHub with Visual Studio (21 minutes)

- Debugging in Visual Studio (31 minutes)

- Become a Visual Studio Power User (24 minutes)

- C# Extension Methods (44 minutes)

- Creating Data Structures Using C# Generics (55 minutes)

- Unit Testing in C# (2 hours)

## **DECEMBER 2018**

###### [Learn Python (22 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/learn-python)

- Python Basics (3 hours)

- Introducing Lists (107 minutes)

- Python Collections (4 hours)

- Object Oriented Python (3 hours)

- Write Better Python (70 minutes)

- Dates and Times in Python (2 hours)

- Regular Expressions in Python (110 minutes)

- Using Databases in Python (119 minutes)

- Python Testing (77 minutes)

## **JANUARY 2019**

###### [Beginning Python (17 hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/beginning-python)

- Python Basics (3 hours)

- Introducing LIsts (107 minutes)

- Understanding Dunder Main (_main_) (5 minutes)

- Python Collections (4 hours)

- Object-Oriented Python (3 hours)

- Write Better Python (70 minutes)

- Dates and Times in Python (2 hours)

###### [Intermediate Python (9 hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/intermediate-python)

- Regular Expressions in Python (110 minutes)

- Python File I/O (14 minutes)

- CSV and JSON in Python (14 minutes)

- Using Databases in Python (119 minutes)

- Python Testing (77 minutes)

- Python Comprehensions (13 minutes)

- Python Decorators (23 minutes)

- Python Type Hinting (15 minutes)

- Functional Python (2 hours)

## **FEBRUARY 2019**

###### [Beginning SQL (10 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/beginning-sql)

- SQL Basics (2 hours)

- Modifying Data with SQL (80 minutes)

- Reporting with SQL (2 hours)

- Query Relational Databases (2 hours)

- Common Table Expressions Using WITH (18 minutes)

- SQL Reporting by Example (64 minutes)

###### [Beginning PHP (15 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/beginning-php)

- Introduction to HTML and CSS (2 hours)  

- PHP Basics (2 hours)

- PHP Arrays and Control Structures (3 hours)

- PHP Functions (66 minutes)

- PHP: Installing a Local Dev Environment (Text) 

- Basic Error Handling in PHP (34 minutes)

- Build a Basic PHP Website (5 hours)

## **MARCH 2019**

###### [Intermediate PHP (15 hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/intermediate-php)

- SQL Basics (2 hours)

- Reporting with SQL (2 hours)

- Integrating PHP with Databases (4 hours)

- Browser Persistent Data with PHP (49 minutes)

- Modifying Data with SQL(80 minutes)

- CRUD Operations with PHP (2 hours)

- File Handling with PHP (101 minutes)

## **APRIL 2019**

###### [Beginner Swift (14 hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/beginning-swift)

- Swift Basics (2 hours)

- Swift Collections and Control Flow (3 hours)

- Functions in Swift (81 minutes)

- Object-Oriented Swift (2 hours)

- Enumerations and Optionals in Swift (2 hours)

- Protocols in Swift (99 minutes)

- Error Handling in Swift (64 minutes)

###### [Intermediate Swift (9 hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/intermediate-swift)

- Intermediate Swift (3 hours)

- API Design Guidelines in Swift (68 minutes)

- Generics in Swift (2 hours)

- Closures in Swift (2 hours)

## **MAY 2019**

###### [Beginner Game Development with Unity (29 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/beginner-game-development-with-unity)

- How to Make a Video Game (6 hours)

- Unity Basics (2 hours)

- 3d Art with Maya LT (2 hours)

- Materials in Unity (2 hours)

- Cameras in Unity (2 hours)

- Lighting in Unity (88 minutes)

- C# Basics (3 hours)

- C# Objects (5 hours)

- Components in Unity (72 minutes)

- Object Oriented Programming in Unity (107 minutes)

###### [Extra Team Treehouse Course](https://teamtreehouse.com/library)

- [APIs (263 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/topic:apis)

- [Scrum Basics (107 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/scrum-basics)

- [Hosting a Site With GitHub Pages (23 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/hosting-a-website-with-github-pages)


###### [Business (19 hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/topic:business)

- [Building Your Techdegree Resume (29 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/building-your-techdegree-resume)

- [How to Start a Business (195 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/how-to-start-a-business)

- [How to Write a Business Plan (58 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/how-to-write-a-business-plan)

- [How to Freelance (172 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/how-to-freelance)

- [Copyright Business (100 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/copyright-basics)

- [Career Self-Assessment with C.C. Chapman (16 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/career-selfassessment-with-cc-chapman)

- [How to Build Your Business Through Blogging (43 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/how-to-build-your-business-through-blogging)

- [Careers Foundations (244 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/careers-foundations)

- [How to Run a Web Design Business (125 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/how-to-run-a-web-design-business)

- [How to Market Your Business (193 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/how-to-market-your-business)

# COMPLETED

###### [Web Design (44 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/web-design)

~~Introduction to HTML and CSS~~

~~HTML Basics~~

~~Web Design Process~~

~~CSS Basics~~

~~CSS Selectors~~

~~HTML Forms~~

~~HTML Tables~~

~~Web Typography~~

~~CSS Layout Basics~~

~~Responsive Layouts~~

~~CSS Flexbox Layout~~

~~Bootstrap 4 Basics~~

~~Prototyping in the Browser~~

~~CSS Transitions and Transforms~~

~~SVG Basics~~

~~Animating SVG with CSS~~

~~SASS Basics~~

~~CSS Grid Layout (Going Further with Grid Layout)~~


###### [Front-End Web Development (59 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/front-end-web-development)

~~Introduction to HTML and CSS~~

~~HTML Basics~~

~~CSS Basics~~

~~Javascript Basics~~

~~CSS Layout Basics~~

~~Responsive Layouts~~

~~CSS Flexbox Layout~~

~~HTML Forms~~

~~Javascript Loops, Arrays, and Objects~~

~~Javascript and the DOM~~

~~CSS Selectors~~

~~jQuery Basics~~

~~Bootstrap 4 Basics~~

~~Introduction to Front End Performance Optimization~~

~~HTML Tables~~

~~HTML Video and Audio~~

~~Create a Media Player with MediaElement.js~~

~~AJAX Basics~~

~~Object-Oriented Javascript~~

~~Web Accessibility Compliance~~

~~Website Optimization~~

~~Console Foundations~~

~~Git Basics~~

###### [Beginning JavaScript (18 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/beginning-javascript)

~~Introducing Javascript~~

~~Javascript Basics~~

~~Javascript Loops, Arrays, and Objects~~

~~Getting Started With ES2015~~

~~Javascript and the DOM~~

~~DOM Scripting By Example~~

# **ADDITIONAL**

## **Cool Sites and Resources For Study**

- [ObservableHQ.com](https://beta.observablehq.com/collection/introduction)

## **Notes and Future Ideas**

- CSS Frameworks (besides Bootstrap)

- Gulp Task Runner

- Grunt Task Runner

- Dependency

- Bower Package Manager

- WebAssembly

- Unit Testing

- Refactoring / Cleaning Code

- Encapsulation

- Syntactic Sugar

- [Front-End Development Career Path](https://coggle.it/diagram/52e97f8c5a143de239005d1b/t/web-development/56212c4e4c505e0045c0d3bda59b77e5977c2c9bd40f3fd0b451bdcf8da4aa52)




IDE COLOR FOR VCS: Monokai Dimmed

Commit message:

Mental notes for future Java and JavaScript note taking.

README.md, after:

# **TEAM TREEHOUSE**

## **JUNE 2018**

###### [Full Stack JavaScript (50 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/full-stack-javascript)

~~Introducing Javascript~~

~~Javascript Basics~~

~~Javascript Loops, Arrays, and Objects~~

~~Defining Variables with let and const~~

~~Introducing Arrow Function Syntax~~

~~Javascript and the DOM (Solution: Using nextElementSibling)~~

~~jQuery Basics~~

~~AJAX Basics~~

~~Understanding “this” in Javascript~~

~~Object-Oriented Javascript (2015)~~

~~Object-Oriented Javascript (2018)~~

~~The Module Pattern in Javascript~~

~~Introducing ES2015~~

- Node.js Basics (2 hours) (Section 2 of 4 complete. Begin "Handling Errors in Node".)

- Exploring Javascript Conditionals (25 minutes)

- Build a Simple Dynamic Site with Node.js (2 hours)

- Npm Basics (76 minutes)

- Using Npm as a Task Runner (14 minutes)

- Gulp Basics (2 hours)

- Express Basics (4 hours)

- Mongo Basics (87 minutes)

- Understanding Closures in Javascript (22 minutes)

- User Authentication with Express and Mongo (2 hours)

- Build a REST API with Express (3 hours)

- Javascript Unit Testing (3 hours)


## **AUGUST 2018**

###### [Angular Basics (3 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/angular-basics-2)

- Setting Up an Angular Application

- Angular Components

- Services in Angular

- Angular Basic Forms

- Angular Form Validation

###### [ReactJS (9 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/learn-react)

- React Basics (3 hours)

- Using Create React App (22 minutes)

- React by Example (113 minutes)

- React Router 4 Basics (76 minutes)

- Building Applications with React and Redux (2 hours)

- Data Fetching in React (29 minutes)

- Animations in React (16 minutes)

- What’s New in React 16 (26 minutes)


## **SEPTEMBER 2018**

###### [Learn Java (19 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/learn-java)

- Java Basics

- Java Objects (4 hours)

- Java Arrays (93 minutes)

- The Thing About Stings (10 minutes)

- Java Data Structures (5 hours)

- Regular Expressions in Java (28 minutes)

- Java Lambdas (16 minutes)

- Build a JavaFX Application (3 hours)

## **OCTOBER 2018**

###### [Java Web Development (37 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/java-web-development)

- Unit Testing in Java (2 hours)

- Dependency Management with Gradle (30 minutes)

- Introduction to HTML and CSS (2 hours)

- HTTP Basics (67 minutes)

- Java Lambdas (16 minutes)

- Intro to Java Web Development with Spark (2 hours)

- Java Annotations (118 minutes)

- Spring Basics (3 hours)

- SQL Basics (2 hours)

- Modifying Data with SQL (80 minutes)

- Hibernate Basics (2 hours)

- Spring with Hibernate (3 hours)

- Debugging and Existing Java Application (79 minutes)

- User Authentication in Spring (84 minutes)

- Unit Testing a Spring Application (93 minutes)

- Introduction to Functional Programming (4 hours)

- REST API Basics (19 minutes)

- Build a REST API in Spark (115 minutes)

- Build a REST API in Spring (119 minutes)


## **NOVEMBER 2018**

###### [Beginner C# (17 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/beginning-c)

- C# Basics (3 hours)

- C# Objects (5 hours)

- Intermediate C# (2 hours)

- C# Streams and Data Processing (4 hours)

- C#f Collections (2 hours)

###### [Intermediate C# (10 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/intermediate-c-2)

- Querying With LINQ (4 hours)

- Introduction to Visual Studio (42 minutes)

- Using GitHub with Visual Studio (21 minutes)

- Debugging in Visual Studio (31 minutes)

- Become a Visual Studio Power User (24 minutes)

- C# Extension Methods (44 minutes)

- Creating Data Structures Using C# Generics (55 minutes)

- Unit Testing in C# (2 hours)

## **DECEMBER 2018**

###### [Learn Python (22 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/learn-python)

- Python Basics (3 hours)

- Introducing Lists (107 minutes)

- Python Collections (4 hours)

- Object Oriented Python (3 hours)

- Write Better Python (70 minutes)

- Dates and Times in Python (2 hours)

- Regular Expressions in Python (110 minutes)

- Using Databases in Python (119 minutes)

- Python Testing (77 minutes)

## **JANUARY 2019**

###### [Beginning Python (17 hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/beginning-python)

- Python Basics (3 hours)

- Introducing LIsts (107 minutes)

- Understanding Dunder Main (_main_) (5 minutes)

- Python Collections (4 hours)

- Object-Oriented Python (3 hours)

- Write Better Python (70 minutes)

- Dates and Times in Python (2 hours)

###### [Intermediate Python (9 hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/intermediate-python)

- Regular Expressions in Python (110 minutes)

- Python File I/O (14 minutes)

- CSV and JSON in Python (14 minutes)

- Using Databases in Python (119 minutes)

- Python Testing (77 minutes)

- Python Comprehensions (13 minutes)

- Python Decorators (23 minutes)

- Python Type Hinting (15 minutes)

- Functional Python (2 hours)

## **FEBRUARY 2019**

###### [Beginning SQL (10 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/beginning-sql)

- SQL Basics (2 hours)

- Modifying Data with SQL (80 minutes)

- Reporting with SQL (2 hours)

- Query Relational Databases (2 hours)

- Common Table Expressions Using WITH (18 minutes)

- SQL Reporting by Example (64 minutes)

###### [Beginning PHP (15 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/beginning-php)

- Introduction to HTML and CSS (2 hours)  

- PHP Basics (2 hours)

- PHP Arrays and Control Structures (3 hours)

- PHP Functions (66 minutes)

- PHP: Installing a Local Dev Environment (Text) 

- Basic Error Handling in PHP (34 minutes)

- Build a Basic PHP Website (5 hours)

## **MARCH 2019**

###### [Intermediate PHP (15 hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/intermediate-php)

- SQL Basics (2 hours)

- Reporting with SQL (2 hours)

- Integrating PHP with Databases (4 hours)

- Browser Persistent Data with PHP (49 minutes)

- Modifying Data with SQL(80 minutes)

- CRUD Operations with PHP (2 hours)

- File Handling with PHP (101 minutes)

## **APRIL 2019**

###### [Beginner Swift (14 hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/beginning-swift)

- Swift Basics (2 hours)

- Swift Collections and Control Flow (3 hours)

- Functions in Swift (81 minutes)

- Object-Oriented Swift (2 hours)

- Enumerations and Optionals in Swift (2 hours)

- Protocols in Swift (99 minutes)

- Error Handling in Swift (64 minutes)

###### [Intermediate Swift (9 hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/intermediate-swift)

- Intermediate Swift (3 hours)

- API Design Guidelines in Swift (68 minutes)

- Generics in Swift (2 hours)

- Closures in Swift (2 hours)

## **MAY 2019**

###### [Beginner Game Development with Unity (29 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/beginner-game-development-with-unity)

- How to Make a Video Game (6 hours)

- Unity Basics (2 hours)

- 3d Art with Maya LT (2 hours)

- Materials in Unity (2 hours)

- Cameras in Unity (2 hours)

- Lighting in Unity (88 minutes)

- C# Basics (3 hours)

- C# Objects (5 hours)

- Components in Unity (72 minutes)

- Object Oriented Programming in Unity (107 minutes)

###### [Extra Team Treehouse Course](https://teamtreehouse.com/library)

- [APIs (263 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/topic:apis)

- [Scrum Basics (107 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/scrum-basics)

- [Hosting a Site With GitHub Pages (23 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/hosting-a-website-with-github-pages)


###### [Business (19 hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/topic:business)

- [Building Your Techdegree Resume (29 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/building-your-techdegree-resume)

- [How to Start a Business (195 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/how-to-start-a-business)

- [How to Write a Business Plan (58 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/how-to-write-a-business-plan)

- [How to Freelance (172 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/how-to-freelance)

- [Copyright Business (100 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/copyright-basics)

- [Career Self-Assessment with C.C. Chapman (16 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/career-selfassessment-with-cc-chapman)

- [How to Build Your Business Through Blogging (43 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/how-to-build-your-business-through-blogging)

- [Careers Foundations (244 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/careers-foundations)

- [How to Run a Web Design Business (125 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/how-to-run-a-web-design-business)

- [How to Market Your Business (193 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/how-to-market-your-business)

# COMPLETED

###### [Web Design (44 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/web-design)

~~Introduction to HTML and CSS~~

~~HTML Basics~~

~~Web Design Process~~

~~CSS Basics~~

~~CSS Selectors~~

~~HTML Forms~~

~~HTML Tables~~

~~Web Typography~~

~~CSS Layout Basics~~

~~Responsive Layouts~~

~~CSS Flexbox Layout~~

~~Bootstrap 4 Basics~~

~~Prototyping in the Browser~~

~~CSS Transitions and Transforms~~

~~SVG Basics~~

~~Animating SVG with CSS~~

~~SASS Basics~~

~~CSS Grid Layout (Going Further with Grid Layout)~~


###### [Front-End Web Development (59 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/front-end-web-development)

~~Introduction to HTML and CSS~~

~~HTML Basics~~

~~CSS Basics~~

~~Javascript Basics~~

~~CSS Layout Basics~~

~~Responsive Layouts~~

~~CSS Flexbox Layout~~

~~HTML Forms~~

~~Javascript Loops, Arrays, and Objects~~

~~Javascript and the DOM~~

~~CSS Selectors~~

~~jQuery Basics~~

~~Bootstrap 4 Basics~~

~~Introduction to Front End Performance Optimization~~

~~HTML Tables~~

~~HTML Video and Audio~~

~~Create a Media Player with MediaElement.js~~

~~AJAX Basics~~

~~Object-Oriented Javascript~~

~~Web Accessibility Compliance~~

~~Website Optimization~~

~~Console Foundations~~

~~Git Basics~~

###### [Beginning JavaScript (18 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/beginning-javascript)

~~Introducing Javascript~~

~~Javascript Basics~~

~~Javascript Loops, Arrays, and Objects~~

~~Getting Started With ES2015~~

~~Javascript and the DOM~~

~~DOM Scripting By Example~~

# **ADDITIONAL**

## **Cool Sites and Resources For Study**

- [ObservableHQ.com](https://beta.observablehq.com/collection/introduction)

## **Notes and Future Ideas**

- CSS Frameworks (besides Bootstrap)

- Gulp Task Runner

- Grunt Task Runner

- Dependency

- Bower Package Manager

- WebAssembly

- Unit Testing

- Refactoring / Cleaning Code

- Encapsulation

- Syntactic Sugar

- [Front-End Development Career Path](https://coggle.it/diagram/52e97f8c5a143de239005d1b/t/web-development/56212c4e4c505e0045c0d3bda59b77e5977c2c9bd40f3fd0b451bdcf8da4aa52)




# **NOTES**
Is there a way to keep track of some of the progress that I make at work?  Maybe take some notes and copy sections of some of the Java and JavaScript?  I will try tomorrow.  For now, another Git commit...
