websites/pluralsight/javascript.md, before:

# **Pluralsight JavaScript Courses**

## **[JavaScript Fundamentals (3 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/javascript-fundamentals/table-of-contents)**

- Course Overview

- Introduction and Setup

- Language Features

- Operators

- Functions and Scope

- Objects and Arrays

- Classes and Modules

- Programming the BOM and the DOM

- Promises and Error Handling

- Data Access Using HTTP

- Forms

- Security and Building for Production

## **[Making Data Into Something You Can See](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/data-you-can-see)**

- Course Overview

- Gathering and Organizing Your Data

- Making Good Design Choices for Your Visualizations

- Choosing the Right Chart

- Tools for YOur Data Visualizations

## **[Data Visualization for Developers (2 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/data-visualization-developers/table-of-contents)**

- Introduction

- Charting - 1A

- Business Intelligence

- Visualization Architecture

- Hands-On Visualization

## **[Creating VR Experiences with JavaScript (1.5 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/vr-creating-experiences-javascript/table-of-contents)**

- Course Overview

- Introducing VR Development on the Web

- Building Blocks

- VR Frameworks AFrame & React VR

- Conclusion and Next Steps

# **Software Data Visualization**

## **[Data Analysis Fundamentals with Tableau (5 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/data-analysis-fundamentals-tableau/table-of-contents)**

- Introduction to Tableau

- Getting Dirty With Your Data

- Show Me The Data!

- Adding The Intelligence Factor

- Painting The Whole Picture

- Sharing Your Work

## **[Real-Time Web Dashboards with Highcharts (3.5 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/real-time-web-dashboards-highcharts/table-of-contents)**

- Course Overview

- Getting Started

- Setup

- Charting Concepts

- Building Charts

- Working with Data

- Creating Themes

- Building A Real-Time Dashboard

## **[Beginning Data Visualization with R (3 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/r-data-visualization-beginner/table-of-contents)**

- Course Overview

- Introduction

- Visualizing One Categorical Variable

- Visualizing One Numeric Variable

- Visualizing Two Categorical Variables

- Visualizing Two Numerical Variables

- Visualizing Both A Catagorical and a Numeric Variable

- Moving Beyond The Basics

# **Extra JavaScript**

## **[Complete List Of JavaScript Courses](https://app.pluralsight.com/paths/skills/javascript)**

[JavaScript Objects and Prototypes (1 Hour)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/javascript-objects-prototypes/table-of-contents)

[Practical Design Patterns in JavaScript (3 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/javascript-practical-design-patterns/table-of-contents)

[Advanced Techniques in JavaScript and jQuery (3.5 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/javascript-jquery-advanced-techniques/table-of-contents)

[JavaScript Best Practices (3 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/javascript-best-practices/table-of-contents)

[Rapid ES6 Training (4.5 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/rapid-es6-training/table-of-contents)

[React.js: Getting Started](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/react-js-getting-started/table-of-contents)

# **Completed Courses**

## **[D3.js Data Visualization Fundamentals (4.5 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/d3js-data-visualization-fundamentals/table-of-contents)**

~~Part 1: The Basics (34 minutes)~~

~~Part 2: Basic Charting (43 minutes)~~

~~Part 3: Working with Data Part 1 - External Data Sources (35 minutes)~~

~~Part 4:Working with data Part 2 - Getting Data from Web APIs (20 minutes)~~

~~Part 5: Enhancing Your Viz Part 1 - Scales and Axis (34 minutes)~~

~~Part 6: Enhancing Your Viz Part 2 - Interactivity (44 minutes)~~

~~Part 7: Mapping (28 minutes)~~

~~Part 8: Pulling It All Together (34 minutes)~~

## **[Geospatial Mapping with D3 (2.5 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/geospatial-mapping-d3/table-of-contents)**

~~Course Overview (1 minute)~~

~~Introduction (18 minutes)~~

~~Working with Geospatial Data (1 hour)~~

~~Drawing Maps with D3 (1.5 hours)~~

## **[Interactive Data Visualization with D3.js (5.5 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/interactive-data-visualization-d3js/table-of-contents)**

~~Pre-Game~~

~~SVG Overview~~

~~Binding API~~

~~Non-Binding API~~

~~Reusable Charts~~

~~Application Patterns~~

~~Connecting the Charts~~

~~Diving Board~~

## **[D3: The Big Picture (1.5 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/d3-big-picture/description)**

~~Course Overview~~

~~Introducing D3~~

~~Understanding D3 Concepts~~

~~Understanding Why to Use D3~~

~~Using D3 in Real Life~~

~~Architecting D3~~

## **[Force Layout Graphs in D3 (2.5 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/force-layout-graphs-d3/description)**

~~Course Overview~~

~~Getting Started~~

~~What Are Force Layout Graphs~~

~~Constructing a Force Layout Graph~~

~~Adding Links Between Nodes~~

~~Applying Distance and Strength~~

~~Working with Gravity and Change~~

~~Applying Styles~~

~~Styling Links~~

## **[JavaScript: Getting Started (3 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/javascript-getting-started/table-of-contents)**

~~Course Overview~~

~~Introduction and Our First App~~

~~JavaScript Beginnings~~

~~Types and Arrays~~

~~Program Flows~~

~~Functions~~

~~Objects~~

~~Programming for Web Pages~~

~~Finishing Our Application~~

Commit message:

Added 'Quick Start JavaScript' courses for future studies.

websites/pluralsight/javascript.md, after:

# **Pluralsight JavaScript Courses**

## **[Quick Start to JavaScript Vol. 1 (2 hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/quick-start-javascript-1-1870/table-of-contents)**

- Introduction and Project Overview

- Quick Start to JavaScript Vol. 1

## **[Quick Start to JavaScript Vol. 2 (2 hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/quick-start-javascript-2-1917/table-of-contents)**

- Introduction and Project Overview

- Quick Start to JavaScript Vol. 2

## **[Quick Start to JavaScript Vol. 3 (1.5 hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/quick-start-javascript-3-1918/table-of-contents)**

- Introduction and Project Overview

- Quick Start to JavaScript Vol. 3

## **[JavaScript Fundamentals (3 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/javascript-fundamentals/table-of-contents)**

- Course Overview

- Introduction and Setup

- Language Features

- Operators

- Functions and Scope

- Objects and Arrays

- Classes and Modules

- Programming the BOM and the DOM

- Promises and Error Handling

- Data Access Using HTTP

- Forms

- Security and Building for Production

## **[Making Data Into Something You Can See](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/data-you-can-see)**

- Course Overview

- Gathering and Organizing Your Data

- Making Good Design Choices for Your Visualizations

- Choosing the Right Chart

- Tools for YOur Data Visualizations

## **[Data Visualization for Developers (2 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/data-visualization-developers/table-of-contents)**

- Introduction

- Charting - 1A

- Business Intelligence

- Visualization Architecture

- Hands-On Visualization

## **[Creating VR Experiences with JavaScript (1.5 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/vr-creating-experiences-javascript/table-of-contents)**

- Course Overview

- Introducing VR Development on the Web

- Building Blocks

- VR Frameworks AFrame & React VR

- Conclusion and Next Steps

# **Software Data Visualization**

## **[Data Analysis Fundamentals with Tableau (5 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/data-analysis-fundamentals-tableau/table-of-contents)**

- Introduction to Tableau

- Getting Dirty With Your Data

- Show Me The Data!

- Adding The Intelligence Factor

- Painting The Whole Picture

- Sharing Your Work

## **[Real-Time Web Dashboards with Highcharts (3.5 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/real-time-web-dashboards-highcharts/table-of-contents)**

- Course Overview

- Getting Started

- Setup

- Charting Concepts

- Building Charts

- Working with Data

- Creating Themes

- Building A Real-Time Dashboard

## **[Beginning Data Visualization with R (3 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/r-data-visualization-beginner/table-of-contents)**

- Course Overview

- Introduction

- Visualizing One Categorical Variable

- Visualizing One Numeric Variable

- Visualizing Two Categorical Variables

- Visualizing Two Numerical Variables

- Visualizing Both A Catagorical and a Numeric Variable

- Moving Beyond The Basics

# **Extra JavaScript**

## **[Complete List Of JavaScript Courses](https://app.pluralsight.com/paths/skills/javascript)**

[JavaScript Objects and Prototypes (1 Hour)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/javascript-objects-prototypes/table-of-contents)

[Practical Design Patterns in JavaScript (3 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/javascript-practical-design-patterns/table-of-contents)

[Advanced Techniques in JavaScript and jQuery (3.5 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/javascript-jquery-advanced-techniques/table-of-contents)

[JavaScript Best Practices (3 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/javascript-best-practices/table-of-contents)

[Rapid ES6 Training (4.5 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/rapid-es6-training/table-of-contents)

[React.js: Getting Started](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/react-js-getting-started/table-of-contents)

# **Completed Courses**

## **[D3.js Data Visualization Fundamentals (4.5 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/d3js-data-visualization-fundamentals/table-of-contents)**

~~Part 1: The Basics (34 minutes)~~

~~Part 2: Basic Charting (43 minutes)~~

~~Part 3: Working with Data Part 1 - External Data Sources (35 minutes)~~

~~Part 4:Working with data Part 2 - Getting Data from Web APIs (20 minutes)~~

~~Part 5: Enhancing Your Viz Part 1 - Scales and Axis (34 minutes)~~

~~Part 6: Enhancing Your Viz Part 2 - Interactivity (44 minutes)~~

~~Part 7: Mapping (28 minutes)~~

~~Part 8: Pulling It All Together (34 minutes)~~

## **[Geospatial Mapping with D3 (2.5 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/geospatial-mapping-d3/table-of-contents)**

~~Course Overview (1 minute)~~

~~Introduction (18 minutes)~~

~~Working with Geospatial Data (1 hour)~~

~~Drawing Maps with D3 (1.5 hours)~~

## **[Interactive Data Visualization with D3.js (5.5 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/interactive-data-visualization-d3js/table-of-contents)**

~~Pre-Game~~

~~SVG Overview~~

~~Binding API~~

~~Non-Binding API~~

~~Reusable Charts~~

~~Application Patterns~~

~~Connecting the Charts~~

~~Diving Board~~

## **[D3: The Big Picture (1.5 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/d3-big-picture/description)**

~~Course Overview~~

~~Introducing D3~~

~~Understanding D3 Concepts~~

~~Understanding Why to Use D3~~

~~Using D3 in Real Life~~

~~Architecting D3~~

## **[Force Layout Graphs in D3 (2.5 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/force-layout-graphs-d3/description)**

~~Course Overview~~

~~Getting Started~~

~~What Are Force Layout Graphs~~

~~Constructing a Force Layout Graph~~

~~Adding Links Between Nodes~~

~~Applying Distance and Strength~~

~~Working with Gravity and Change~~

~~Applying Styles~~

~~Styling Links~~

## **[JavaScript: Getting Started (3 Hours)](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/javascript-getting-started/table-of-contents)**

~~Course Overview~~

~~Introduction and Our First App~~

~~JavaScript Beginnings~~

~~Types and Arrays~~

~~Program Flows~~

~~Functions~~

~~Objects~~

~~Programming for Web Pages~~

~~Finishing Our Application~~
