websites/teamtreehouse/01_javascript.md, before:

# **Team Treehouse JavaScript Courses**

#### **[Complete Every Additional JavaScript Course on Team Treehouse](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/topic:javascript/sort:difficulty)**

- Using the Geolocation API in JavaScript (20 minutes)

- Using Gulp's 'gulp-useref' For a Full Build Pipeline (21 minutes)

- Getting Started with webpack-1 (22 minutes)

- Working with the Fetch API (44 minutes)

- Building a MEAN Application (140 minutes)

- Build a REST API with Express (221 minutes)

# **Vue.js**

- [Vue.js Basics (120 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/vuejs-basics)

- [Practice Vue.js Templating](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/practice-vuejs-templating)

- [Practice Vue.js List Rendering](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/practice-vuejs-list-rendering)

# **React.js**

#### **[React.js (9 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/learn-react)**

- [Learn React Panel (45 minutes) (A introduction to React.js, best practices, and advice.)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/learn-react-panel)

- React Basics (2 hours)

- React Components (120 minutes)

- Using Create React App (22 minutes)

- React Context API (35 minutes)

- React Router 4 Basics (76 minutes)

- What's New in React 16 (26 minutes)

- Data Fetching in React (29 minutes)

- Learn More About React

- Deploying A React App (20 min)

#### **Extra React.js Courses**

- Animations in React (16 minutes)

- Using Create React Native App (17 minutes)

- Testing React Components with Enzyme (25 minutes)

- Learn React Panel (45 minutes)

- Introduction to React Native (79 minutes)

- React by Example (113 minutes)

- Building Applications with React and Redux (2 hours)

# **Angular.js**

#### **[Angular.js (3 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/angular-basics-2)**

- Setting Up an Angular Application

- Angular Components

- Services in Angular

- Angular Basic Forms

- Angular Form Validation

#### **Extra Angular.js Courses**

- Using the Angular CLI (37 minutes)

- AngularJS Basics (1.x) (197 minutes)

Commit message:

Continue with basic Vue.js event handling.

websites/teamtreehouse/01_javascript.md, after:

# **Team Treehouse JavaScript Courses**

- [Vue.js Basics (120 minutes)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/vuejs-basics)

        - Continue with 'What a Beautiful Vue: Basic Event Handling'

- [Practice Vue.js Templating](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/practice-vuejs-templating)

- [Practice Vue.js List Rendering](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/practice-vuejs-list-rendering)

# **React.js**

#### **[React.js (9 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks/learn-react)**

- [Learn React Panel (45 minutes) (A introduction to React.js, best practices, and advice.)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/learn-react-panel)

- React Basics (2 hours)

- React Components (120 minutes)

- Using Create React App (22 minutes)

- React Context API (35 minutes)

- React Router 4 Basics (76 minutes)

- What's New in React 16 (26 minutes)

- Data Fetching in React (29 minutes)

- Learn More About React

- Deploying A React App (20 min)

#### **Extra React.js Courses**

- Animations in React (16 minutes)

- Using Create React Native App (17 minutes)

- Testing React Components with Enzyme (25 minutes)

- Learn React Panel (45 minutes)

- Introduction to React Native (79 minutes)

- React by Example (113 minutes)

- Building Applications with React and Redux (2 hours)

# **Angular.js**

#### **[Angular.js (3 Hours)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/angular-basics-2)**

- Setting Up an Angular Application

- Angular Components

- Services in Angular

- Angular Basic Forms

- Angular Form Validation

#### **Extra Angular.js Courses**

- Using the Angular CLI (37 minutes)

- AngularJS Basics (1.x) (197 minutes)

#### **[Complete Every Additional JavaScript Course on Team Treehouse](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/topic:javascript/sort:difficulty)**

- Using the Geolocation API in JavaScript (20 minutes)

- Using Gulp's 'gulp-useref' For a Full Build Pipeline (21 minutes)

- Getting Started with webpack-1 (22 minutes)

- Working with the Fetch API (44 minutes)

- Building a MEAN Application (140 minutes)

- Build a REST API with Express (221 minutes)

# **Vue.js**
